---
user: "microdee"
created: "1441117631"
---

The problem with this "VL is part of old vvvv" that for what VL is capable of now it's way much faster to do the same thing in C# for me. And I will choose C# over VL for vvvv plugin development in most situations because obviously VL is more limiting in what i can do with it (it's not a comparison just a fact).
I know you guys want to make sure that VL is supersolid and superrelyable which is awesome but you're holding back a big portion of potential VL can have. The reason why I cared about VL is the potential to do a more lower level sharpdx implementation with total control of resources and execution (because what we have in vvvv is great but still very limiting and automagical at some points) but i can't have a look on that because that library importer is not public (tbh i have no idea why are you sitting on that too) or a proper api documentation (at least an autogenerated one from comments) is not there yet.
Anyways I love your work and I love your style guys I love vvvv too (after a project with UE4 i realised how awesome vvvv is actually) and I probably will love VL too when I'll be able to extend it to my needs. Unfortunately you spoiled so many major reasons why people was interested in VL holding back above mentioned features for at least half a year is not really helping. And I'm not even bitching about standalone/implementable version and compiling.

Btw while dealing with the voodoo non-sense of some game engines recently i realised VL can be the next UE4/unity sooo easily (in perspective obviously it would be a decent amount of time/work/resources) so guys pull yourselves together! Visualize money, bitches, drugs and rock-roll around VL!
